Notes:

Done✔  create logging statements

Done✔  Remove response time not greater than zero logging statements
Done✔  In instances with negative response time values, save data and later print to an output errors CSV


Done✔  I need to make a decision on how to handle the cases where the received and onscene time are exactly the same.
        I'm currently including these response times in my data as 0 seconds but this just doesn't really seem fair, 
        and will surely water down the data of response times where they actually need to react to the received phone call. 
        I need to remove these 0 seconds instances from my response time array and add them to my error output file.


Didn't implement✔   ***I went down this path for a bit but decided that trying to sort my dictionary and then loop through it to find the correct index value was more trouble than it was worth.
                    Also time complexity of 0(2n) ~= 0(n). So I'm not that worried about having to loop through data twice.***

                    Do I really need to loop through data input file twice?
                    What if the first time I go through I store everything to a dictionary in a way that I don't need to go through again. 
                    Use the data in dictionary to first find the 90th percentile value. and then go through dictionary and pull out the rows that have that value or higher.
                    maybe try to sort the dictionary by percentile value, if possible. and then I won't have to look through entire dictionary in order to find desired values.
                    No wait, sorting is O(n log(n)) so that would be slower than if I just looked through entire dictionary and pulled out values equal to or greater than
                    percentile value; 0(n) complexity

I should clean up my code and remove any unnecesary comment  lines that were for testing purposes
Also I should create a main function and move stuff there

At current state the program's runtime is 602 seconds ~ 10 minutes


